**Note:** If you are just looking for Dan Eden's Animate.css ported to Compass, 
I recommend my newer [compass-animate][animate] plugin. 
This plugin is mainly for adding animations to older versions of Compass.

[animate]: https://github.com/ericam/compass-animate

Animation Compass Plugin
========================

First and foremost, 
this plugin gives you all the tools you need 
to write and apply css3 animations in compass. 
As a bonus, and only if you so choose, 
it also supplies you with a "shit-ton" 
(roughly 2 metric tons) 
of pre-fabricated animations 
taken from Dan Eden's 
"[Animate.css](http://daneden.me/animate/)" project.

**This plugin requires the most recent alpha releases of 
Sass 3.2.0 (alpha.95) and 
Compass 0.12.0.**

    gem install animation --pre

    require 'animation'

    @import "animation";

## Animation

The default import only includes the core mixins for creating animations. 
That covers all the expected properties, 
to be used exactly as you would in CSS:

```scss
// create your animation
@include keyframes($name) {
  @content;
}

// apply animation(s) and adjust settings
@include animation-name([$name-1, $name-2, ..., $name-10]);
@include animation-duration([$duration-1, $duration-2, ..., $duration-10]);
@include animation-delay([$delay-1, $delay-2, ..., $delay-10]);
@include animation-timing-function([$function-1, $function-2, ..., $function-10]);
@include animation-iteration-count([$count-1, $count-2, ..., $count-10]);
@include animation-direction([$direction-1, $direction-2, ..., $direction-10]);
@include animation-fill-mode([$mode-1, $mode-2, ..., $mode-10]);
@include animation-play-state([$state-1, $state-2, ..., $state-10]);

// shortcut to apply and adjust
@include animation([$animation-1, $animation-2, ..., animation-10]);
```

There are default variables available for all of them:

```scss
$default-animation-name             : false;
$default-animation-duration         : false;
$default-animation-delay            : false;
$default-animation-timing-function  : false;
$default-animation-iteration-count  : false;
$default-animation-direction        : false;
$default-animation-fill-mode        : false;
$default-animation-play-state       : false;
```

## For Example

Say you want to create your own animation. 
Start with the keyframes:

```scss
@include keyframes(my-animation) {
  0%, 100% {
    background-color: blue;
  }
  50% {
    background-color: red;
  }
}
```

That animation will change the background color 
from blue to red to blue again. 
Now let's apply it to something:

```scss
body {
  @include animation(my-animation 10s infinite);
}
```

Compare that to the official CSS spec:

```css
@include keyframes my-animation {
  0%, 100% {
    background-color: blue;
  }
  50% {
    background-color: red;
  }
}

body {
  animation: my-animation 10s infinite;
}
```

Pretty much identical. 
You're just using include/argument pairs 
instead of property/value pairs.

## Animate.css

Because the Animate code creates output, 
you need to import it (or one of it's sob-modules) directly:

    @import "animation/animate";

That will create the following named animations:

- Attention seekers
  - flash, bounce, shake, tada, swing, wobble, wiggle, pulse
- Flippers (currently Webkit, Firefox, & IE10 only)
  - flip, flipInX, flipOutX, flipInY, flipOutY
- Fading entrances
  - fadeIn, fadeInUp, fadeInDown, fadeInLeft, fadeInRight, 
    fadeInUpBig, fadeInDownBig, fadeInLeftBig, fadeInRightBig
- Fading exits
  - fadeOut, fadeOutUp, fadeOutDown, fadeOutLeft, fadeOutRight,
    fadeOutUpBig, fadeOutDownBig, fadeOutLeftBig, fadeOutRightBig
- Bouncing entrances
  - bounceIn, bounceInDown, bounceInUp, bounceInLeft, bounceInRight
- Bouncing exits
  - bounceOut, bounceOutDown, bounceOutUp, 
    bounceOutLeft, bounceOutRight
- Rotating entrances
  - rotateIn, rotateInDownLeft, rotateInDownRight, 
    rotateInUpLeft, rotateInUpRight
- Rotating exits
  - rotateOut, rotateOutDownLeft, rotateOutDownRight, 
    rotateOutUpLeft, rotateOutUpRight
- Lightspeed
  - lightSpeedIn, lightSpeedOut
- Specials
  - hinge, rollIn, rollOut

You can use them like this:

```scss
.widget {
  @include animation(fadeIn);
}
```

You can also import a set of predefined classes for each animation:

```scss
@import "animation/animate/classes";
```

With those classes imported, 
you can simply add the class of `fadeIn` to any element, 
and watch it do the magic. 

That's all there is to it.
